Formula.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Formula SAE
---
# FSAE

I have participated in FSAE since 2015, initially as a competitor and now as a mentor to my former team and volunteer tech inspector.

## FSWiki

Emily Anthony started the <a href="https://fswiki.us">FS Wiki</a> to create an open knowledge sharing platform for the Formula Student and FSAE community. I encourage all FSAE compeititors who will listen to use the site and contribute when they can.

This project aligns very closely with my personal approach to engineering and student competition. I have been a strong advocate, long-time user, and frequent contributor. I have added the majority of the IC powertrain content on the site <!--(possibly to the detriment of all users lol)--> as well as information regarding data collection, analysis, and visualization. I have shared a large quantity of data that was taken when I was in college as examples for students to use.

## Alumni Outlook and Accomplishments

<p>
wheel turn reference frame
</p>

### Aero

<p>yeah, but just don't do it... put the rant here later</p>

## The Glory Days

### 2019 Season: Powertrain Lead

As a senior, I was given the job to lead the powertrain subsystem. Having never worked in powertrain in FSAE before, my approach was to make sure the work we did under my direction was bulletproof. I focused on documentation, data collection, and knowledge transfer.

We broke the system into smaller systems: Intake, Engine, Exhaust, Drivetrain, and Shifter.

more words here

### 2018 Season: President

<p>	
matlab link splay calcs<br>
testing in nyc<br>
competition<br>
being in charge<br>
</p>

Commit message:

added links to fs wiki pages I made/helped with

Formula.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Formula SAE
---
# FSAE

I have participated in FSAE since 2015, initially as a competitor and now as a mentor to my former team and volunteer tech inspector.

## FSWiki

Emily Anthony started the <a href="https://fswiki.us">FS Wiki</a> to create an open knowledge sharing platform for the Formula Student and FSAE community. I encourage all FSAE compeititors who will listen to use the site and contribute when they can.

This project aligns very closely with my personal approach to engineering and student competition. I have been a strong advocate, long-time user, and frequent contributor. I have added the majority of the IC powertrain content on the site <!--(possibly to the detriment of all users lol)--> as well as information regarding data collection, analysis, and visualization. I have shared a large quantity of data that was taken when I was in college as examples for students to use.

I am particularly proud of the <a href="https://fswiki.us/Intake">intake design<a> page for its completeness and the collaborative effort made by the community. Another point of pride is the graphics I made for the pages for <a href="https://fswiki.us/Tensioner">chain tensioning<a> and <a href="https://fswiki.us/Throttle">throttle design<a>.

## Alumni Outlook and Accomplishments

<p>
wheel turn reference frame
</p>

### Aero

<p>yeah, but just don't do it... put the rant here later</p>

## The Glory Days

### 2019 Season: Powertrain Lead

As a senior, I was given the job to lead the powertrain subsystem. Having never worked in powertrain in FSAE before, my approach was to make sure the work we did under my direction was bulletproof. I focused on documentation, data collection, and knowledge transfer.

We broke the system into smaller systems: Intake, Engine, Exhaust, Drivetrain, and Shifter.

more words here

### 2018 Season: President

<p>	
matlab link splay calcs<br>
testing in nyc<br>
competition<br>
being in charge<br>
</p>
